When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work
local?

    //Fill in your answer here
    For sharing codes to other contributors so that they could work on the same project for development.
    Sharing other files for other to edit and view.


Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

    //Fill in your answer here
    We always don't have the internet access while doing the project. So pulling automatically might not work.
    Also you may not want to pull the changes made on the GitHub and rather working on the same file the change have been
    added. It will gradually populate the commit on your local Git repository.
    And pulling only specific branch you need to is really a great feature.
    It's more controllable.


Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When would you
use one instead of another?

    //Fill in your answer here
    forks: used to clone between two repositories in GitHub website. Clone From someone's to yours on GitHub.
    clones: used to clone GitHub's repostiory into your local computer. Use when copying GitHub's repostiory on local.
    branch: used to copy current branch on your local machine to your local machine so that any changes you can work on 
    		different works on the current version.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?

    //Fill in your answer here
    The benefit is you can fetch and then merge the new edited code on GitHub without direct pull. You don't have to merge once
    you have got the code that you've fetched from the GitHub as it stays on separate remote (eg: origin/master). Then you can 
    git diff or git log the code from origin/master and your master branch code to know the difference and the changes that have
    been made. You can then work offline (flight mode) and then later merge the fetched code with your (master) code which will 
    have the same output as pull. And then when your work is finished you can push (push origin master) it to the GitHub.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?  What would be easier,
and what would be harder?

    Fill in your answer here

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in
master?  What benefits does each approach have?

    Fill in your answer here